The world of free and open source software astounds me: an ecosystem of rich programs, developed and maintained
without intent, aside from providing a better general purpose computing environment.  Growing up, I stumbled upon
a Reddit page discussing GNU/Linux, unaware of the vast expanse of frustrated config searches that lied ahead.
Like so many novice Linux users, I created my first bootable usb, started up my new environment, and immediately,
irrecoverably, broke my machine -- I was hooked.

Along a shaky computing journey, spent programming, scripting, and failing to hack into my own systems,
I've been ever leered by the same fundamental question, "how the hell does any of this work?"
After many years of consideration, one thing has become hauntingly clear - nobody has
even a resemblance of a clue.  I find this to be beautiful.

In light of my lacking knowledge, I am very excited to become a more competent ethical hacker and programmer,
in my ventures to navigate the sea of computer science and information systems.  (Referencing my disoriented
understaning of systems) If operating systems were a history article, networks and server-side system would be
a history textbook.  Of course penetration testing and analysis are both massively interesting and appealing, but
mostly, I'm looking forward to gaining some form of an understanding into how networking is orchestrated and how
servers, for lack of a better word, work.

I have spent my fair share of time on sites like HackTheBox and TryHackMe, realizing each time, that becoming
a competant hacker requires studying.  Acustomed to digging through StackOverflow boards for other people's
answers, this, at the time, was upsetting.  I put IT on the backboard for a number of years, but the question,
"how does any of this work?" has stayed with me.  Now, in the midst of my novice programming years, I've been
consumed by the same questions I once pushed aside.

Having spent my quarantine digging deeper into complexities of C family languages and functional programming,
and now working a backend web development internship, I have become utterly turned off from the thought of doing
any significant programming learning for at least a few months.  Bizzarly enough, after a long afternoon of
writing integration tests and controllers for work, I still find myself modifying configs and writing scripts
- I'm back to where I was in my teenage years, just enjoying the small steps into a world of forreign operating
system programs, most of which were either constructed with or written in the 70's unix commands.  It's fair to say
the many layered obsurdities of modern computing move me deeply.

I'm very framiliar with Debian and am certainly looking forward to spending time in Kali.  Most of my internship is
done in Visual Studio on a Windows box; this will be a much welcomed juxtaposition to my daily workflow.  That being
said, the illusion of simplicity I feel when using a windows machine is clear to me and I have much less of an
insight into how windows works than I do Linux.  Learning more about Windows' composition and hardening techniques
will help massively, with what I assume will be a confounded career of mandatory Windows use.

Strange to me is the dockerization and wsl integration of many modern repositories.  I understand the usecase,
but I too often, in a fit of ignorance and failed troubleshooting sessions, curse modern developers in a rant usually
containing the line, "why wouldn't they just put this on a Linux box."  Nonetheless, I do not know why they won't
put 'this' on a Linux box and 'this' is not on a Linux box and I don't understand 'this's infrastructure and that
scares me.  I would very much like to know how the many 'this's of modern applications practically work, as most
of my computing hobbies are largely impractical.

I have little assurance of what computing career path I will end up taking, but I am certain that a background in
IT and security will both, provide me with a much needed landscape of missing system knowledge and open up a world of
potential career paths unbeknown to me.  Needless to say I am extremly excited to be taking this course, as it
almost entirely covers topics that are of interest to me.  It's like going to a live show where every artist is
one you're tirelessly excited to see perform.  I'm unsure if I'll pursue a career in security, though I imagine I
would quite enjoy it, but mostly I'm taking this course, because it details intersts i've had for many years.  The
current cost of education (among other things) in the US is disheartening, I'm glad to be taking on debt for 
something I truely am passionate about.
